he receives the high-quality gear and trains with them. He also receives manuals for martial arts and body training instructions. So ethan starts training, bodyweight training, endurance training, and etc. a month passes. ==(PROBABLY IMPLEMENT on week 3 or week 4 he receives a random skillbook, which will grant him with shutting mind ability. "Author note: I don't like it because I would be just using this randomness as a plot tool to just push the story")==. Everyone is teleported forcefully, and Ethan skips that forced teleportation and is stuck in a hibernated space. Now, the time moves much faster for him, 70 times faster, so a year on Earth is 70 years for him.

he taps the button of leaving, but it gives an error. He is truly stuck. Ethan is in distraught for the first week after knowing that he's left alone in this place, but starts training again to distract himself. Training continues for years. He slowly loses mind, making friends with the training dummies, the dumbbells (Dumbbellito), giving them personalities, starts talking to himself a lot aloud to break the silence of the chamber

training goes for 2 decades, he'll get into argument with one of the dummies, and completely obliterate it with his power. Starts agonizing and depressed because of losing his imaginary friend. Decides to hurt himself and starts growing resistance, regenerative ability and damage reduction proficiencies. The damage training is done with hitting himself with bare hands, running into the wall, scratching the wall till flesh of his fingers is gone. 

This continues for 35 years. He doesn't stop talking with the other dummies, but still feels a deep sorrow for the destroyed one. He makes a makeshift grave for the destroyed dummy, let's call him Jimmy. On year 35 of hurt training, he reaches the point where he can't grow his skills just as is, where he will need resources to feed his body, basically the maximum natural physique of a homunculus which has mana running through his blood veins. He does half a year more of hurt training, but sees no result. Now he gets suicidal thoughts. His dummies tell him to stop his suffering (his deeper thoughts surfaced this way). So from here he starts climbing up the wall again, just to fall kilometers down. His high regenerative ability and body toughness doesn't allow that though. He tries to cut his head but to no avail. He scrapes rocks with just bare hands out of walls, and just with his hands he shapes hooks, the hooks he saw in a alpinism journal his friend liked to read. He goes up, each time higher, and each time falling harder. Still, not enough to finish him. The last try was a bit more successful, falling down from 10th of kilometers couldn't be bared even by his now tough like metal body, only leaving his torso and head intact.

For the first time in years he didn't move, he couldn't move. Left alone with his thoughts. He closed his eyes imagining the life on earth. It wasn't all sunshine and rainbows either out there, but he somehow pushed through all the challenges, and was even living a normal life in his 20's. Many happy memories of his friends, beautiful nature, mesmerizing sceneries, and his lovely little puppy ran through his mind, as if he's dying, as if life was flashing before his eyes. "Is it the end?" he thought. "Finally". And after so many years, Ethan for the first time fell asleep, a deep sweet sleep. Goodnight Ethan.